# Spypro
Security and protection  There is a high rate of public being attacked by thugs in communities and roads for a reason to dispossess them of their mobile phones. As a result of these attacks, victims are always injured and result in the death of some of them. The culprit, in most cases escaped without any trace with the mobile phone and continued their evil act undetected. Lack of this trace or evidence make it difficult to be detained and prosecuted.  Our mobile phones come with a lot of tools that can be used to be traced if stolen but can be manipulated by the thieves or their associates. Although if the phone is able to be traced the first culprit is hardly to be found as he sold it away through different persons and the damage has already been done to the victim.  However, by providing a means of instant video capturing and audio recording techniques as well as instant sending the recorded to online platform to relatives or security agencies could at least help in preliminary identification of the suspect and by doing this could reduce the criminal attacking people as they notice their pictures, voice and information are instantly captured and sent.  How it may work The mobile phone app will be designed to have an instant response to pressing a selected hardware/physical button which will also instantly activate the front and back camera as well as the recording feature. The captured images / videos / audios and geo-location are instantly (or after some seconds) sent to pre assigned numbers / emails through whatapp, email or other platform. This information can be accessed for further investigation.  The phone security can be extended by denying unauthorized users to switch off the mobile phone instantly. This will enable ample time for information to be sent and quick tracking with other devices
